The following programme contains
strong language and violent scenes.
I got you a present. Elly.
It's Elly.
Sean's dead. Billy.
Two guys brought the body to Luan.
He did it. He killed my daughter.
With Billy and Cornelius.
His name is Elliot Carter.
I want this guy
to be our number-one target.
We find the evidence
and lock him the fuck up.
Evening. fellas.
Yeah? Whoa!
They tell me that firearm possession
is a good ten years.
I'm not the one you're looking for.
'You find that clean cocaine.
you find the people that did this.'
We can help each other.
Oh. my God.
You've had your pound of flesh.
Let it go. Luan. It's done.
You don't want a war. None of us do.
Luan thinks you're to blame
for his daughter's death
and he wants you dead.
I can offer you protection.
But I want you to help me
destroy those who murdered Sean.
Luan.
Luan!
Mind your heads.
The funeral is for family only.
There are rumours that Billy
and Cornelius are planning to attend.
I don't think that that's -
I've told them to keep away.
I don't want any trouble.
Not today. anyway.
And tomorrow?
I know what it is
to bury a son. Marian.
Please do not confuse your grief
with a need for revenge.
I'm going to walk.
It's not really funeral attire.
is it?
Aren't they burying your mate today?
What've you got for me?
A random spot check
pulled over a transit van headed
out of the city the other morning.
One of many. of course. but um...
didn't know what we were looking
for at the time.
After your tip-off
we went over the logs
and saw it had a cargo
full of beer kegs.
This one. Turns out
the plates didn't match the vehicle.
Did they ID the driver?
Well. yeah.
but I'm sure you can guess.
Also fake? Mm-hm.
We know it was a woman. that's it.
Now. traffic cameras pick her
up near this garage.
Then nothing.
The guy who runs the place
has a pretty questionable past.
The assumption is she's changed
the plates again. but er...
he's not the type to talk to the
police. which is a... shame.
Because if there was someone
who could get him to... open up...
give us the new registration...
Then you could track the plates.
Mm.
Alright. Elliot...
I'm trusting
you know where the line is.
Mine. right? Not yours.
Someone crossed that line
a long time ago.
I don't want blood on my hands.
We may have a deal
but I don't work for you.
So you draw your lines.
I'll draw mine.
You know. you have less than a week
to deliver me results. Elliot.
Remember that.
Lale!
Lale.
Yes?
You said this wouldn't be a problem.
Mrs Wallace.
Um... I'm sorry for your loss.
Do I know you?
I knew Sean.
It wasn't right.
what happened to him.
This is a private service.
family only.
Of course.
What the fuck are you doing here?
It's supposed to be Saba and Faz.
It's not just you who's fucked
if we don't get that stock back.
Yeah. I know but -So why are you
running around on your own?
We're meant to be partners in this.
Listen. there's a man in there
who I need to get talking and...
it might get messy.
And?
So who gave you your lead?
An old friend from the force.
He owed me one.
Seriously?
- You better be sure.
- You can trust him. - I am.
Excuse me. are you the owner?
Depends who's asking.
Transit came in here two nights ago.
Registration CK61 WKN.
You changed the plates.
You lot deaf or fucking stupid?
- Said already. I don't know nothing.
- About it. - We're not the police.
Either way. I don't give a fuck.
love. Ain't seen no transit van.
Ready.
What the fuck is this?
Where is everyone?
It's a trap.
No. no. no. no. no. no!
Luan!
Go. go. go. go. go!
Argh!
Arghhh!
Arh!
Stay back.
Stay the fuck back.
I'm gonna fucking kill her. Yeah?
Shoot him. Billy.
No. No. they don't.
Yeah.
Cos Mama gonna die. Come on.
I said stay back!
Stay back. Billy.
Put the gun down
or I'll fucking kill her.
And do it now.
Now!
Do as he says. lad.
Billy. put the fucking gun down
or you'll be burying
two Wallaces today.
This is the last fucking warning!
Billy.
Listen to your fucking uncle. Billy.
Fuck you!
Fucking kill him. Billy!
What the fuck?
Who was driving the van?
Fuck you.
Try again. Who was driving the van?
I didn't see anyone. The van
was just here in the morning.
I did the job and they picked it up
after I'd gone home.
Who asked you to do the job?
I get calls.
I don't ask fucking questions.
I would tell you. I would.
You... Fuck!
- You want the new reg. yeah?
- Mm-hm. Have it. It's over there in my desk.
I want a name.
Don't look at her. Look at me.
I don't have a fucking name.
No! No! Don't! Please!
Please! Oh. fuck!
I don't... I don't... You don't...
I don't know! Please!
Elliot. Elliot. Stop!
This is a waste of time.
Let's just get the plate number.
Go on.
Yeah. Arghhh!
Fuck!
- Elliot?
- Don't fucking do that. What the fuck was that about?
What difference would a name make?
We know Sean was behind this.
Yeah. well. I think he was set up.
So what now?
Well. I'll run the new reg
with my friend -
assuming you don't have a problem
with me using them again.
You mix a sample of whatever drug
you're planning to take with water.
dip the paper strip in
and if any fentanyl is detected
a single line will appear.
Um... how soon can we roll this out?
People are dying every day from
this contaminated cocaine batch.
Well. we're working quickly.
- 24 hours?
- Do you know how we're gonna spin this?
The public
haven't exactly been receptive
to policies they see
as enabling drug use in the past.
Our polling
suggests the tide is turning.
People want these deaths to stop.
Oh... er...
I'm sorry er... can you excuse me?
Something urgent's come up.
Er... you need me?
Er... no. no. You stay.
You can fill me in later.
Mirlinda?
Mirlinda!
Shit. OK. OK.
Wait.
- Shit. shit. shit.
- Alright. - OK.
Er... Bukuroshe.
Luan.
Luan?
Luan wants to make a deal.
Luan is willing to give you anything
you want as an act of contrition.
Businesses. routes.
Everything you need
he'll hand over to you.
He will not seek any more revenge
as long as you agree to the same.
How magnanimous We can work -
He's gone. Fuck!
They can't have got far.
Find them.
This is the place.
Traffic cameras
picked up the van driving in here.
Give me a minute.
Check those plates.
Anything? No.
Hey!
Did you see the driver? No.
Yeah. OK. thanks. Dad.
Dad's gonna get Faz and Saba
and the others looking for that van.
We were so close.
Hey. hey. hey.
What aren't you telling me?
Elliot.
What the fuck?
That logo.
I've seen it before.
It was on some files Naomi had.
Naomi as in your wife?
Look. the guy who took Sean...
I recognised him cos he's also the
driver who killed Naomi and Samuel.
Are you sure?
The spiking. the hit-and-run.
What if it's all connected?
Maybe she was investigating them
and that's why they had her killed.
- Sean said the driver was paid to run.
- Her off the road. - Hang on a minute.
This is all coming from Sean?
Elliot.
Sean knew how much
this would hurt you.
He wanted you chasing ghosts.
I still have some of
Naomi's things at Dad's.
Maybe there's something in there.
Yeah.
Look. why don't I come with you?
No.
Thank you.
Yeah. no. it's fine. I'll um...
I'll look into that logo.
Nothing yet. They've gone to ground.
It's just a matter of time. We're searching
every business they're connected to.
every safe house and every port.
I'll find them.
Er... one minute.
Shit.
OK!
Problem?
You tell me.
What. I don't know what you mean?
Um...
well. disappearing
during office hours.
mysterious messages.
When you are here.
you seem er... distracted.
Spit it out. Henry.
what are you getting at?
Are you using again? Er...
I am...
I'm working with Elliot Carter.
He says he was set up
with contaminated cocaine.
That someone
swapped his clean product
with a batch that had been spiked.
And you believe him?
I'm simply giving him
the opportunity to prove it.
Have you lost your fucking mind?
Tell me you didn't
get him out of custody.
Elliot has made more progress in one
day. than the police have all week.
Look. he's currently tracking
the van the drugs were smuggled in.
Colluding with the criminals we're
supposed to be fighting against
is not the way to win this.
OK. then tell me what is. Henry?
Because right now. no-one believes
that we can actually do anything
about these gangs.
I'm just another politician
spouting a load of shit.
making empty promises.
Legalisation of all drugs.
It's your policy.
You said it yourself.
It's the only way
to hit all the gangs at once -
take away their business.
Yes. and I dropped it
from the campaign for a reason.
There just isn't enough support.
Yes. but that was before
hundreds of people died in
a single night from poisoned drugs.
Oh... It would... It would
cut the gangs off at the knees.
Oh. I don't know. I mean...
Do you really think
people are ready to listen?
I do.
We commend to Almighty God.
our son and brother. Sean.
and commit his body to the ground.
Earth to earth.
ashes to ashes. dust to dust.
I hear you decided
not to take my advice.
I learned from my mistakes.
Consider the cost of revenge. Marian.
You misunderstand me.
My mistake was not recognising
how weak we were. divided.
Billy.
I'll er... catch you up.
You sure?
Yeah.
I'll see you back at the house.
Look at you.
All dressed up like a
ventriloquist's fucking dummy.
You see all this business
about you turning up
and giving my sister
your slippery advice?
That's gonna stop.
Because we are not interested
in anything you have to say.
You always were a fucking cunt.
And you...
were always just...
a wee jumped-up fucking lackey.
You and Finn.
acting like you were someone.
You wanna know what
I really think of yous?
Ohh!
Ohhh!
Oh!
It's done. Time you started
delivering your promises.
Fuck.
Subtitles by Sky Access Services
www.skyaccessibility.sky